PRIVACY POLICYFOR DENNISLAW

Adden Technology Company Limited understands the value of your privacy and we strive to respect that privacy when you use our services. This Privacy Policy describes what information we will gather from you, how we use or intend to use that information and what we do to protect it. By using the Dennislaw website (“the Site”), you expressly consent to the information handling practices described in this policy.

INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU


Upon signing up with Dennislaw, we require that you establish a password-protected personal account for subscription to our services ("the Services"). When your personal account is being set up, we usually request contact and billing information (your name, your mobile phone number(s) as well as a valid email address.) We use this information to provide you with our Services and to contact you about the services in which you have expressed interest.
We will keep track of your interactions with us, including but not limited to your activity on the Site, order history, payment history and correspondence. We do this to provide you with better service, for billing and administrative functions, to improve your customer experience and also for internal research and reporting purposes.
EMAILS AND SMS MESSAGES


We may send you the following types of email communications: welcome emails, our weekly newsletter, account status updates and promotional content. You may opt-out of receiving our email newsletter via the unsubscribe links in each email. We may also communicate with you via SMS sent to your mobile phone regarding the services you request for, your account status and updates as well as promotional information about our other products.



TECHNICAL INFORMATION


Our website collects and retains technical information regarding visits to the Dennislaw website such as the IP address assigned to the computer visiting the Site, the type of browser used by a visitor and the operating system running the user's connections to the service. This data is not linked to your personal account. It is used to analyse how which our Site is used, and how we can improve the user experience.

HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION


We use your personal information in the following general ways: To provide you with our Services, to allow for your identification and authentication onto the Dennislaw website, for billing and administrative functions, to contact you, and for internal research and reporting purposes.
Website and service announcement updates with important information about the service may be sent to you through the email address or cell phone number you provide. Our special promotions may also be communicated to you via this website. You can opt-out of receiving these promotional emails, but not service-related messages, at any time either through the unsubscribe link in the email we send you.

VIEWING AND UPDATING YOUR ACCOUNT INFORMATION


You may update your profile by visiting the Account Setting section of your profile on our website if your personal information changes or you want to update your email preferences. You must be signed in to access your Account Settings.

WEB BROWSER COOKIES


Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.

RELATIONSHIP WITH END USERS


Any individual or entity that has access to our Services through your account (“End User”) shall be deemed to have a relationship with you and Dennislaw. Therefore, you will indemnify Dennislaw, our affiliates, licensors and each of our respective employees, officers, directors and representatives from and against any losses arising out of or relating to a third-party claim concerning the End User’s use of our Service, breach of applicable laws by you or the End User and any dispute between you and the End User.


DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES


We do not rent, sell or share your personal information with third parties except to provide services you have requested.

PROTECTING YOUR INFORMATION


The administrators of Dennislaw website take reasonable and ethical measures to safeguard your personal information during transmission and when stored on our network. However, due to the nature of open communication on the internet, communications between you and the website, and the website and you, may not be secure, depending on the network you are using to communicate with us.
If Dennislaw becomes aware of an actual or potential security breach through which sensitive personal information may have been compromised, you may be notified electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using this Site, or providing personal information to us through any means, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of this Site.
Any questions regarding the security of our website may be directed to us at info@dennislawgh.com or sales@dennislawgh.com
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY


Dennislaw has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site and revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us through info@dennislawgh.com
